add 2019-02-05 minutes; closes #16 (#20)
nodejs/tooling: minutes/2019-02-05-tooling-group-meeting.md

## Present

- Tooling team: @nodejs/tooling
- Ben Coe
- Daniel Ehrenberg
- Christopher Hiller
- Ian Sutherland
- Refael Ackermann
- Michel Lopez

## Agenda

- Daniel Ehrenberg from TC39 wants feedback from the broader community
- Daniel would give us some details on stuff we’re interested in
- Ben Coe is interested in transpilers, source maps
  - Daniel:
    - no solid spec for source maps
    - there’s a summary available from TC39 meetings
- Daniel: are there features that would be problematic for transpilers, linting, tree-shaking? Or beneficial
- Refael: how can we simplify bundling? Standardized AST or intermediate representation? E.g., V8 team doesn’t want to expose its AST b/c they don’t want to worry about breaking people, so that’s not where we can get such a thing--would need to come out of standards.  
  - Daniel:
    - Emerging set of standards that wants to reduce the need for bundling
    - “Webpackage”, “bundled exchange” is being prototyped in Chrome
    - A number of difft resources bundled into a single file, sent over the network
    - The hope is that HTTP/2 push would make it cheap to send many items, but browser support and configuration was bad

>     - With bundled exfchange it woulde include html, css, js, images, video, in a single file

Reviewer: ```suggestion
    - With bundled exchange it would include html, css, js, images, video, in a single file
```

  - Ben: c8 uses v8 coverage, which is experimentation
    - In the module discussion, it’s frustrating
    - We want to move forward our ecosystem
    - Package maps. But can’t move forward without experimental tooling
  - Daniel: Give feedback to proposals within github issues
  - Chris: a suggestion box!
  - Daniel: We thinking about setting up discourse
    - It can be hard to extract the feedback from angry people
  - Ben:
    - The impact of a tool can be more valuable than a discussion
    - More tools, less conversation!
  - Daniel:
    - There’s an import maps polyfill somewhere
    - Guy Bedford (not present) owns this
Refael: Give us an idea of where TC39 sees itself in the ecosystem
  - Daniel:
    - TC39 sees itself as responsible for the language
    - But it’s unclear where some things land? Are they in the language?
    - Please participate in node open standards repo?
    - Have a call thereafter
  - Ben:  Maybe regular TC39 rep, but not entire meeting
  - Daniel: Will try to show at next meeting to keep conversation going
  
- Chris: meeting how often? 3wks ok?
  - Ben: let’s slack more
  - Chris: maybe go to blessed slack
  - Rick: yes

> - Rimraf: Sam Roberts (IBM) will comment on rimraf-in-C++ issue

Reviewer 2: I thought I did!  Is there a thread I should be watching?

Author: this was written before you did
